README.md, before:

# Xenu2PDF

Convert Xenu Link Sleuth reports to PDF. This tool reads a tab-separated CSV file exported from Xenu Link Sleuth, visits each unique URL, saves them as individual PDFs, and merges them all into a single PDF document.

## Installation

```bash
npm install
```

## Usage

Run the tool with a Xenu CSV file as input:

```bash
npm start <path-to-xenu-file.csv>
```

### Example

```bash
npm start .tmp/phaser-docs.csv
```

This will:
1. Parse the Xenu TSV file
2. Filter records to only include those with `LinkToPageStatusCode` of 200
3. Extract unique URLs from the `LinkToPage` column (using `LinkToPageTitle` for uniqueness)
4. Preserve the original order (no sorting)
5. Visit each URL using Playwright (headless Chromium)
6. Scroll through each page to load all content (handles lazy loading)
7. Save each page as a PDF
8. Merge all PDFs into a single file

### Output

The tool creates an `output` directory with:
- Individual PDF files for each page (named `page-0001.pdf`, `page-0002.pdf`, etc.)
- A merged PDF file containing all pages (`<filename>-merged.pdf`)

Example output structure:
```
output/
  phaser-docs/
    page-0001.pdf
    page-0002.pdf
    page-0003.pdf
    ...
    phaser-docs-merged.pdf
```

## Development

Build the TypeScript code:

```bash
npm run build
```

Run in development mode:

```bash
npm run dev <path-to-xenu-file.csv>
```

### Testing

Run the test suite:

```bash
npm test
```

Run tests in watch mode:

```bash
npm run test:watch
```

Generate coverage report:

```bash
npm run test:coverage
```

The tests are fast and don't fetch real content - they use mocks for file system operations, Playwright, and PDF generation.

## Requirements

- Node.js 18 or higher
- Chromium browser (automatically installed by Playwright)

## Dependencies

- **Playwright**: Browser automation for capturing web pages
- **pdf-lib**: PDF manipulation and merging
- **csv-parse**: Parsing Xenu CSV files
- **TypeScript**: Type-safe development

Commit message:

Improved PDF generation + blank page clean-up

README.md, after:

# Xenu2PDF

Convert Xenu Link Sleuth reports to PDF. This tool reads a tab-separated CSV file exported from Xenu Link Sleuth, visits each unique URL, saves them as individual PDFs, and merges them all into a single PDF document.

## Installation

```bash
npm install
```

## Preparation

Use [Xenu Link Sleuth](https://xenus-link-sleuth.en.softonic.com/) to crawl a site. Be sure to configure it with the right options to crawl only the pages you need (e.g. No external crawls, include/exclude filters, limit crawl depth, etc.)

When Xenu is done, use the `File > Export Page Map to TAB separated File...` option.

## Usage

Run the tool with a Xenu TSV file as input:

```bash
npm start <path-to-xenu-file.tsv>
```

### Example

```bash
npm start .tmp/phaser-docs.tsv
```

This will:
1. Parse the Xenu TSV file
2. Filter records to only include those with `LinkToPageStatusCode` of 200
3. Extract unique URLs from the `LinkToPage` column (using `LinkToPageTitle` for uniqueness)
4. Preserve the original order (no sorting)
5. Visit each URL using Playwright (headless Chromium)
6. Scroll through each page to load all content (handles lazy loading)
7. Inject CSS to minimize whitespace and margins
8. Generate PDF with selectable/copyable text
9. Merge all PDFs into a single file

**Note**: PDFs have selectable text. Very long pages may span multiple PDF pages due to browser engine limits (~14,400px). Viewport optimized (1200px width) to minimize blank pages.

### Output

The tool creates an `output` directory with:
- Individual PDF files for each page (named `page-0001.pdf`, `page-0002.pdf`, etc.)
- A merged PDF file containing all pages (same name as input file: `<filename>.pdf`)

Example output structure:
```
output/
  phaser-docs/
    page-0001.pdf
    page-0002.pdf
    page-0003.pdf
    ...
    phaser-docs.pdf
```

## Development

Build the TypeScript code:

```bash
npm run build
```

Run in development mode:

```bash
npm run dev <path-to-xenu-file.csv>
```

### Testing

Run the test suite:

```bash
npm test
```

Run tests in watch mode:

```bash
npm run test:watch
```

Generate coverage report:

```bash
npm run test:coverage
```

The tests are fast and don't fetch real content - they use mocks for file system operations, Playwright, and PDF generation.

## Requirements

- Node.js 18 or higher
- Chromium browser (automatically installed by Playwright)
- [Xenu's Link Sleuth](https://xenus-link-sleuth.en.softonic.com/) ([FAQ](https://home.snafu.de/tilman/xenulink.html))

## Dependencies

- **Playwright**: Browser automation for capturing web pages
- **pdf-lib**: PDF manipulation and merging
- **csv-parse**: Parsing Xenu TSV files
- **TypeScript**: Type-safe development
